Thousands of commuters in New York are noting a pronounced presence of Jehovah's Witnesses.
In sharp contrast with demonstrations, protests, and stage sit-ins recently held here and in
other major cities, Jehovah's Witnesses are setting up quiet, multi-lingual showcases
of their Bible literature, islands of free Bible education for those who choose to take
a closer look.
We bring these cards out in the morning from usually an AM to recharge.
There's just been an amazing tremendous response and it shows that people really are interested
in what the Bible has to say.
The Witnesses report that in the first few months of using these displays in Manhattan,
those approaching the displays obtain nearly 32,000 books and over 13,000 magazines in various
languages.
I think it's good.
I really do.
I'm a conservative Christian myself, so anytime you can spread the word to multiple people,
that's a good thing.
In addition to Times Square, the Witnesses are also trying the new approach here in Grand
Central Terminal, where according to an official website, over 750,000 people pass through
each day and over 21 million tourists visit each year.
I think it's a good approach.
I mean, usually if you have an eye-catching sign that sometimes people at least look over
and see what it is.
I can't say that I've ever stopped, but it's interesting if you're trying to get the
news out about something.
I've seen them here in other places as well.
I think it's important that people know there's a choice, and if they feel so inclined,
then it's here for them to take away with them.
I think it's fine.
Why not?
You know?
I think that's what Bible literature is all about.
It's free of charge, spread the word, get it to the people, and make yourself available.
None of the Witnesses we spoke with view this new approach as a replacement of the regular
door-to-door ministry.
However, the displays of free Bible literature continue to be successful, and the Witnesses
are now trying this approach in other major cities as well.